This program is a Telnet Server example. It shows how to build a
simple IP based command line interface. 

This example will configure the LAN network parameters for 
the evaluation board automatically if a DHCP Server is available 
in your LAN.

If you do not have a DHCP server, you need to configure
the IP address, net mask and default gateway manually in
the Net_Config.c configuration file. You have to disable also
'Dynamic Host Configuration' under the 'Ethernet Network 
Interface' section.

This example is configured to run in 3 simultaneous sessions.
This means that 3 Telnet Clients can be connected to Telnet Server
at the same time. This can be either 3 different PC computers or a
single PC computer running 3 instances of Telnet Client. 

To test this example you need to run a Telnet client on your PC.
If you do not have installed a special Telnet Client software on your
PC, you can run the Windows telnet client from a Console Window.

From the console window type:  telnet stellaris

Default user    : admin
Default password: <none>

You can change the password at runtime with a command 'passw'

At Telnet server command prompt type 'help' to display
available commands or 'bye' to disconnect.

You can modify the tnet_process_cmd() function, which is called to
process a command when a Enter key is pressed. It is located in 
Telnet_uif.c - telnet user interface module.

The Telnet_demo example is available for several targets:

A2F-EVAL-KIT:   Standalone application for Actel A2F-EVAL-KIT Board.
                Program code is loaded into on-chip flash.

A2F-EVAL-KIT Debug:
                Standalone Debug application. Debug level configured
                in Net_Debug.c debug configuration file.
                Use HyperTerminal to view output messages and select
                the COM# Windows has assigned to the Virtual COM port on
                the A2F-EVAL-KIT evaluation board. Set the serial connection 
                to 115200 baud, 8-bits, no parity, 1 stop bit and no flow
                control.
