The Virtual COM Port project is a demo program for the Keil MCBSTM32C Board 
using a ST STM32F107VCT6 Microcontroller.
It demonstrates a bridge between USB USB Virtual COM port and UART port on the 
evaluation board and is based on a Windows USB host driver (usbser.sys).

This example uses RTS/CTS lines on UART for flow control.
Status of the RTS line is shown on LED2, and status of the CTS 
line is shown on the LED3.
Line RTS is used as output signal that device can accept data on the UART and 
CTS line is used as input  signal that device can send   data on the UART.

The PC will install a Virtual COM Port on the PC (see Driver Installation).
After installation an additional port "MCBSTM32C USB VCom Port(COMx)"
can be found under System/Hardware/Device Manager/Ports(COM&LPT).
Number "x" is not fixed as different PC configuration may have different 
"x" displayed on the device manager. The USB host driver assigns "x" 
dynamically based on the existing COM port configuration of the system.
   
Testing the USB Virtual COM Port with serial cable:

  Open two Hyperterminal windows. 
      One with "MCBSTM32C USB VCom Port(COMx)" 
      One with "Communications Port (COM1)" with enabled flow control (RTS/CTS).
  Connect PC port COM1 to MCBSTM32C COM and open "COM1" and "COMx".
  Data from "COM1" will be echoed on "COMx" and visa versa. 
  So, this is bi-directional communication between the physical COM 
  port on MCBSTM32C and the Virtual COM Port COMx on host PC.

The Virtual COM Port program is available for the following target:
  MCBSTM32C:   configured for on-chip Flash ROM
              (used for production or target debugging)


Driver Files:
-------------
    - mcbstm32c-vcom.inf       : Driver setup information.
    - mcbstm32c-vcom_x86.cat   : Digitally signed driver catalog file for
                                 32-bit host PCs.
    - mcbstm32c-vcom_amd64.cat : Digitally signed driver catalog file for
                                 64-bit host PCs.

Note : Digitally signing of the driver catalog file is required to install
drivers on 64-bit PCs using Windows Vista or later Windows versions. Please
refer to Microsoft documentation for further information.


Driver Installation:
--------------------
     "Welcome to the Found New Hardware Wizard" appears
     - select 'No, not this time'
     - press  'Next'

     - select 'Install from a list or specific location (Advanced)'
     - press  'Next'

     - select 'Search for the best driver in these locations'
     - check  'include this location in the serach'
     - set to <project folder>
     - press 'Next'


     "Hardware Installation" appears
     "has not passed Windows Logo testing..."
     - press 'Continue Anyway'

     "Completing the Found New Hardware Wizard" appears
     - press 'Finish'
