The Virtual COM Port project is a demo program for the Keil MCB1700 Board 
using a NXP LPC17xx Microcontroller.
It demonstrates a bridge between USB USB Virtual COM port and UART port on the 
evaluation board and is based on a Windows USB host driver (usbser.sys).

The PC will install a Virtual COM Port on the PC (see Driver Installation).
After installation an additional port "MCB1700 USB VCom Port(COMx)"
can be found under System/Hardware/Device Manager/Ports(COM&LPT).
Number "x" is not fixed as different PC configuration may have different 
"x" displayed on the device manager. The USB host driver assigns "x" 
dynamically based on the existing COM port configuration of the system.
   
Testing the USB Virtual COM Port with serial cable:

  Open two Hyperterminal windows. 
      One with "MCB1700 USB VCom Port(COMx)" 
      One with "Communications Port (COM1)".
  Connect PC port COM1 to MCB1700 COM1 and open "COM1" and "COMx".
  Data from "COM1" will be echoed on "COMx" and visa versa. 
  So, this is bi-directional communication between the physical COM 
  port 1 on MCB1700 and the Virtual COM Port COMx on host PC.

The Virtual COM Port program is available for the following target:
  MCB1700:     configured for on-chip Flash ROM
              (used for production or target debugging)

Note: set jumper D-, D+ to DEVICE

Important Note: MCB1700 does not have routed flow control pins on the UART 
                so it is possible that this example will loose characters 
                because of lack of flow control


Driver Files:
-------------
    - mcb1700-vcom.inf       : Driver setup information.
    - mcb1700-vcom_x86.cat   : Digitally signed driver catalog file for
                               32-bit host PCs.
    - mcb1700-vcom_amd64.cat : Digitally signed driver catalog file for
                               64-bit host PCs.

Note : Digitally signing of the driver catalog file is required to install
drivers on 64-bit PCs using Windows Vista or later Windows versions. Please
refer to Microsoft documentation for further information.


Driver Installation:
--------------------
     "Welcome to the Found New Hardware Wizard" appears
     - select 'No, not this time'
     - press  'Next'

     - select 'Install from a list or specific location (Advanced)'
     - press  'Next'

     - select 'Search for the best driver in these locations'
     - check  'include this location in the serach'
     - set to <project folder>
     - press 'Next'


     "Hardware Installation" appears
     "has not passed Windows Logo testing..."
     - press 'Continue Anyway'

     "Completing the Found New Hardware Wizard" appears
     - press 'Finish'
