This program is a Telnet Server example. It shows how to build a
simple IP based command line interface. 

This example will configure the LAN network parameters for 
the evaluation board automatically if a DHCP Server is available 
in your LAN.

If you do not have a DHCP server, you need to configure
the IP address, net mask and default gateway manually in
the Net_Config.c configuration file. You have to disable also
'Dynamic Host Configuration' under the 'Ethernet Network 
Interface' section.

This example is configured to run in 3 simultaneous sessions.
This means that 3 Telnet Clients can be connected to Telnet Server
at the same time. This can be either 3 different PC computers or a
single PC computer running 3 instances of Telnet Client. 

To test this example you need to run a Telnet client on your PC.
If you do not have installed a special Telnet Client software on your
PC, you can run the Windows telnet client from a Console Window.

From the console window type:  telnet mcb4300

Default user    : admin
Default password: <none>

You can change the password at runtime with a command 'passw'

At Telnet server command prompt type 'help' to display
available commands or 'bye' to disconnect.

You can modify the tnet_process_cmd() function, which is called to
process a command when a Enter key is pressed. It is located in 
Telnet_uif.c - telnet user interface module.

The Telnet_demo example is configured for Keil MCB4300 Board and is
available for several targets:

LPC4357 Flash:
    Program code is loaded into internal flash.

LPC4357 Flash Debug:
    Standalone Debug application.
    Program code is loaded into internal flash.
    
    Debug level configured in Net_Debug.c debug configuration file.
    Connect a serial cable to RS232 COM port to view
    output messages using HyperTerminal at 115200 baud,
    8-bits, no parity, 1 stop bit, XON/XOFF.

LPC4350 Ext. Flash:
    Program code is loaded into external NOR flash.


Jumper settings:
  J13 and J16 must connect pins 2 and 3
  to select and enable serial output on UART0/3 connector.
